Minor change for better readability of docs (#27937)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/backend/plugin-protocol.md

## Writing plugins without Go

> In case you want to write a backend plugin in another language than Go, it’s possible as long as the language supports [gRPC](https://grpc.io/). However, writing a plugin in Go is recommended and has several advantages that should be carefully taken into account before proceeding:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to write a backend plugin in another language than Go, then it’s possible as long as the language supports [gRPC](https://grpc.io/). However, writing a plugin in Go is recommended and has several advantages that should be carefully taken into account before proceeding:
```

I think we can improve it even more! If/then is easier for browser to translate for better accessibility. WDYT?
